# ar_vr_memory_palace


The goal of the ar_vr_memory_palace application would be simple. It will work as a tool for learning conceptual skills (languages, coding, lists of birds, really anything). I am dyslexic and need to see/imagine concepts in a physical space, ideally connected to something I'm already familiar with like a photo or image of something weird for it to stick. In the past, I'll learn the layout of different spaces, become familiar with them, and then place the concept and ideas I want to learn in those unique spaces in my mind's eye. 

While simple in concept, but maybe not to produce. I want to upload 360 images or record interesting places using 3D Mapping Tech to be saved within the cloud server. Then within the 360 photo or prerecorded spaces, be able to add pins containing text, images, saved 3D images, really any media that will help you remember the thing you're trying to remember. 

Additionally, being able to save interesting locations to later revisit in AR would be a plus. Content could be user donated at the start and then generated by our team later on. How do we scan/record the area content? What tech is currently used? Lidar, maybe. I wonder, what does Google use? Perhaps for tests, we can pull from their database of content. 

The "Key selling point" of this application would be the unlimited 'unique locations' to learn in and the "community insights and analogies" where other users share the tricks they've used to help understand and remember odd topics. Users can even see the insights relevant to them based on the content they already consume tracked by cookies, IG, views, but this area would need more work. 


User Work flow:

    "Do you know what a memory palace is ? 
        if yes: 
          offer reminder
          if no: 
            move to next phase of flow...
          
        if no:
          teach the power of memory palace for learning.
            move to next phase of flow...
          

        "Create learing enviroment or Explore pre recorded based on topic"

          If Create learning enviroment:
             "Record a space or choose from pre recorded"
             if "record a space":
             Teach how they can record a space.
                remind how to use a memory palace.
                teach how they can add items to the space
                teach how they can 
             if "choose from pre recorded":
             Show list of most popular
      
          If Explore learning Topics :

            Show list of topics: 
            if lanuguages:
                Assign to destination matched to language they are trying to learn.
            if maths:
            if history:
            if coding:
            if x:
            if y:
            if z:
            
                Once selected:
                Move to next phase of flow...
                
                    Once in the enviroment, offer useful insghts based on how other users might remeber the topics. 
         
    

NO ADS IN THE LEARNING ENVIRONMENT EVER!
WE WANT TO CREATE AN ENVIRONMENT FOR LEARNING, A PLACE THAT TRULY ADDS VALUE TO THE USERS.
INCOME MUST COME FROM SOME OTHER SOURCES... MAYBE SUBSCRIPTIONS, FOR NOW, IT DOESN'T MATTER. 
